Position Manager guide added (#835)
Uniswap/docs: docs/contracts/v4/guides/11-position-manager.mdx

/// @param amount1Max Maximum amount of token1 to spend
/// @param recipient Address that will own the position
function mintNewPosition(
    PoolKey calldata poolKey,
    int24 tickLower,
    int24 tickUpper,
    uint128 liquidity,
    uint256 amount0Max,
    uint256 amount1Max,
    address recipient
) external returns (uint256 tokenId) {
```

Define the sequence of operations needed for minting:

```solidity
// Define the sequence of operations:
// 1. MINT_POSITION - Creates the position and calculates token requirements
// 2. SETTLE_PAIR - Provides the tokens needed
bytes memory actions = abi.encodePacked(
    Actions.MINT_POSITION,
    Actions.SETTLE_PAIR
);
```

Set up parameters for each action:

```solidity
bytes[] memory params = new bytes[](2);

// Parameters for MINT_POSITION
params[0] = abi.encode(
    poolKey,     // Which pool to mint in
    tickLower,   // Position's lower price bound
    tickUpper,   // Position's upper price bound
    liquidity,   // Amount of liquidity to mint
    amount0Max,  // Maximum amount of token0 to use
    amount1Max,  // Maximum amount of token1 to use
    recipient,   // Who receives the NFT

>     ""          // No hook data needed

Reviewer: comment alignment
```suggestion
    ""           // No hook data needed
```

    amount0Max,        // Maximum token0 to spend
    amount1Max,        // Maximum token1 to spend
    ""                // No hook data needed
);
```

Set up delta resolution parameters:

```solidity
if (useFeesAsLiquidity) {
    // Using CLOSE_CURRENCY for automatic handling of each token
    params[1] = abi.encode(currency0);  // Handle token0
    params[2] = abi.encode(currency1);  // Handle token1
} else {
    // Standard SETTLE_PAIR for providing tokens
    params[1] = abi.encode(currency0, currency1);
}
```

Execute the operation:

```solidity
// Execute the increase
positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
    abi.encode(actions, params),
    block.timestamp + 60  // 60 second deadline
);
}
```

## Decreasing Liquidity

When you want to remove liquidity from a position, you’ll need to handle both the liquidity reduction and any accumulated fees. Let’s understand how to implement this effectively.

### **Understanding the Operation**

Decreasing liquidity involves:

1. Specifying how much liquidity to remove
2. Setting minimum amounts to receive (slippage protection)
3. Collecting both the removed liquidity and any accumulated fees

### **Delta Resolution Options**

> When decreasing liquidity, you’ll receive tokens, so we have different options for handling the positive deltas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When decreasing liquidity, you’ll receive tokens, so it's most common to receive a pair of tokens:
```

> **Standard Case**: Receive all tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

/// @param liquidityDecrease Amount of liquidity to remove
/// @param amount0Min Minimum amount of token0 to receive
/// @param amount1Min Minimum amount of token1 to receive
/// @param recipient Address to receive the tokens
function decreaseLiquidity(
    uint256 tokenId,
    uint128 liquidityDecrease,
    uint256 amount0Min,
    uint256 amount1Min,
    address recipient
) external {
```

Prepare the parameters array:

```solidity
// Number of parameters depends on our strategy
bytes[] memory params = new bytes[](2);

// Parameters for DECREASE_LIQUIDITY
params[0] = abi.encode(
    tokenId,           // Position to decrease
    liquidityDecrease, // Amount to remove
    amount0Min,        // Minimum token0 to receive
    amount1Min,        // Minimum token1 to receive
    ""                // No hook data needed
);
```

Set up delta resolution parameters:

```solidity
// Parameters for TAKE_PAIR
params[1] = abi.encode(
    currency0,
    currency1,
    recipient
);
```

Execute the operation:

```solidity
    // Execute the decrease
    positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
        abi.encode(actions, params),
        block.timestamp + 60  // 60 second deadline
    );

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Execute the decrease
positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
    abi.encode(actions, params),
    block.timestamp + 60  // 60 second deadline
);
```

    // All zeros since we're only collecting fees
    params[0] = abi.encode(
        tokenId,    // Position to collect from
        0,          // No liquidity change
        0,          // No minimum for token0 (fees can't be manipulated)
        0,          // No minimum for token1
        ""          // No hook data needed
    );
```

When collecting fees, we use a zero-liquidity decrease operation - this means we're not actually removing any liquidity from the position, we're just collecting accumulated fees.

And note that we set minimums to 0 for fee collection because fees cannot be manipulated in a front-run attack. This is different from other liquidity operations where setting appropriate minimum amounts is crucial for slippage protection.

Set up the fee collection parameters:

```solidity
    // Standard TAKE_PAIR for receiving all fees
    params[1] = abi.encode(
        currency0,
        currency1,
        recipient
    );
}
```

Execute the fee collection:

```solidity
    // Execute fee collection
    positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
        abi.encode(actions, params),
        block.timestamp + 60  // 60 second deadline
    );

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Execute fee collection
positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
    abi.encode(actions, params),
    block.timestamp + 60  // 60 second deadline
);
```

/// @param amount1Min Minimum amount of token1 to receive
function burnPosition(
    uint256 tokenId,
    address recipient,
    uint256 amount0Min,
    uint256 amount1Min
) external {
    // Define the sequence of operations:
    // 1. BURN_POSITION - Removes the position and creates positive deltas
    // 2. TAKE_PAIR - Sends all tokens to the recipient
    bytes memory actions = abi.encodePacked(
        Actions.BURN_POSITION,
        Actions.TAKE_PAIR
    );
```

The burn operation requires two sets of parameters:

```solidity
bytes[] memory params = new bytes[](2);

// Parameters for BURN_POSITION
params[0] = abi.encode(
    tokenId,      // Position to burn
    amount0Min,   // Minimum token0 to receive
    amount1Min,   // Minimum token1 to receive
    ""            // No hook data needed
);

// Parameters for TAKE_PAIR - where tokens will go
params[1] = abi.encode(
    currency0,   // First token
    currency1,   // Second token
    recipient    // Who receives the tokens
);
```

Finally, execute the operation:

```solidity
positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
        abi.encode(actions, params),
        block.timestamp + 60
    );

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
    abi.encode(actions, params),
    block.timestamp + 60
);
```

First, let’s define our parameters:

```solidity
/// @notice Rebalances liquidity by creating a new position and closing an old one
/// @param newPositionParams Parameters for the new position
/// @param oldPositionId Position to close and collect fees from
/// @param recipient Address to receive tokens from closed position
struct NewPositionParams {
    PoolKey poolKey;
    int24 tickLower;
    int24 tickUpper;
    uint128 liquidity;
    uint256 amount0Max;
    uint256 amount1Max;
}
```

In this example, we will rebalance liquidity by closing the old position and opening a new position. For the sake of example, let's assume the user will have to transfer additional tokens. Note that capital from the first position is automatically used towards the second position through flash accounting.

```solidity
function rebalanceLiquidity(
    NewPositionParams calldata newPositionParams,
    uint256 oldPositionId,
    address recipient
) external {
    // Group liquidity operations first, then delta resolutions
    bytes memory actions = abi.encodePacked(
        Actions.BURN_POSITION,    // Remove old position
        Actions.MINT_POSITION,    // Create new position

>         Actions.SETTLE_PAIR      // Provide tokens for new position

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Actions.SETTLE_PAIR       // Provide tokens for new position
```

    );
```

Notice how we order our operations: liquidity operations first (MINT and BURN), followed by delta resolutions (SETTLE and TAKE). This ordering is crucial for gas efficiency.

Next, let’s prepare our parameters array:

```solidity
// We need one parameter set for each action
bytes[] memory params = new bytes[](3);
```

Now, let’s encode parameters for the old position:

```solidity
// Parameters for BURN_POSITION
params[0] = abi.encode(
    oldPositionId,
    0,  // No minimum for token0 (consider adding slippage protection)
    0,  // No minimum for token1
    ""  // No hook data
);
```

Then for minting the new position:

```solidity
// Parameters for MINT_POSITION
params[1] = abi.encode(
    newPositionParams.poolKey,
    newPositionParams.tickLower,
    newPositionParams.tickUpper,
    newPositionParams.liquidity,
    newPositionParams.amount0Max,
    newPositionParams.amount1Max,
    address(this),  // New position owner

>     ""             // No hook data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ""              // No hook data
```

);
```

Next, we handle token settlements. First for the new position:

```solidity
// Parameters for SETTLE_PAIR (providing tokens for new position)
params[2] = abi.encode(
  newPositionParams.poolKey.currency0,
  newPositionParams.poolKey.currency1
);
```

With everything prepared, we can execute our batch operation:

```solidity

>     // Execute all operations atomically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Execute all operations atomically
positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
    abi.encode(actions, params),
    block.timestamp + 60
);
```

# Core Concepts

Before diving into specific operations, let’s understand the key concepts that make up the Position Manager’s architecture.

## Action Types

The Position Manager operates through a system of actions that work in pairs: when you perform a liquidity operation that changes position balances, you must also include actions to handle the resulting token movements.

## Understanding the Flow

When you execute a liquidity operation:

1. The operation creates deltas (token obligations)
2. These deltas represent tokens that need to be paid or received
3. Delta-resolving operations are then used to handle these token movements

## Liquidity Operations

[Actions](/contracts/v4/reference/periphery/libraries/Actions) that modify positions in the pool:

```solidity
// Common liquidity operations
uint8 constant MINT_POSITION = 1;       // Creates negative deltas (tokens needed for position)
uint8 constant INCREASE_LIQUIDITY = 2;  // Creates negative deltas (tokens to add)
uint8 constant DECREASE_LIQUIDITY = 3;  // Creates positive deltas (tokens to receive)
uint8 constant BURN_POSITION = 4;       // Creates positive deltas (tokens to receive)

> ```

Reviewer: these command numbers were changed, i would check Actions.sol on github

Author: updated as per Actions.sol

Each operation creates specific deltas that must be resolved:

- Negative deltas when you need to provide tokens (mint, increase)
- Positive deltas when you’re receiving tokens (decrease, burn)

## Delta-Resolving Operations

Actions that handle the token transfers needed to resolve deltas:

```solidity
// Common delta-resolving operations

> uint8 constant SETTLE_PAIR = 10;    // For negative deltas: Pay tokens to the pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uint8 constant SETTLE_PAIR = 10;    // For negative deltas: Pay two tokens to the pool
```

> uint8 constant TAKE_PAIR = 11;      // For positive deltas: Receive tokens from the pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uint8 constant TAKE_PAIR = 11;      // For positive deltas: Receive two tokens from the pool
```

uint8 constant CLOSE_CURRENCY = 12; // Handles either direction based on final delta

> uint8 constant CLEAR_OR_TAKE = 13;  // For small amounts: Take if worth it, else ignore

Reviewer: would verify these are still true

Author: updated as per Actions.sol

    uint256 amount1Max,
    address recipient
) external returns (uint256 tokenId) {
```

Define the sequence of operations needed for minting:

```solidity
// Define the sequence of operations:
// 1. MINT_POSITION - Creates the position and calculates token requirements
// 2. SETTLE_PAIR - Provides the tokens needed
bytes memory actions = abi.encodePacked(
    Actions.MINT_POSITION,
    Actions.SETTLE_PAIR
);
```

Set up parameters for each action:

```solidity
bytes[] memory params = new bytes[](2);

    // Parameters for MINT_POSITION
    params[0] = abi.encode(
        poolKey,     // Which pool to mint in
        tickLower,   // Position's lower price bound
        tickUpper,   // Position's upper price bound
        liquidity,   // Amount of liquidity to mint
        amount0Max,  // Maximum amount of token0 to use
        amount1Max,  // Maximum amount of token1 to use
        recipient,   // Who receives the NFT
        ""          // No hook data needed
  );

    // Parameters for SETTLE_PAIR - specify tokens to provide
    params[1] = abi.encode(
        poolKey.currency0,  // First token to settle
        poolKey.currency1   // Second token to settle
    );

> ```

Reviewer: indentation looks weird no?

Author: Indeed. Fixed

Finally, execute the minting operation:

```solidity
// Execute the mint operation
    positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
        abi.encode(actions, params),
        block.timestamp + 60  // 60 second deadline
    );
}
```

## Increasing Liquidity

After a position is created, you might want to add more liquidity to it. This operation requires understanding how fee accumulation works since fees are credited to your position during an increase.

### **Understanding the Operation**

When increasing liquidity:

1. The operation calculates the tokens needed based on current prices

> 2. Any accumulated fees are automatically credited to your position

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Any accumulated fees are **automatically credited** to your position
```

1. **Standard Case**: When you’re providing new tokens

```solidity
bytes memory actions = abi.encodePacked(
    Actions.INCREASE_LIQUIDITY,
    Actions.SETTLE_PAIR
);
```

**2. Fee Conversion**: When converting accumulated fees to liquidity

```solidity
bytes memory actions = abi.encodePacked(
    Actions.INCREASE_LIQUIDITY,
    Actions.CLOSE_CURRENCY,  // For token0
    Actions.CLOSE_CURRENCY   // For token1
);
```

### **Implementation**

Here’s how to implement a flexible increase liquidity function:

```solidity
/// @notice Increases liquidity in an existing position
/// @param tokenId The ID of the position
/// @param liquidityIncrease Amount of liquidity to add
/// @param amount0Max Maximum amount of token0 to spend
/// @param amount1Max Maximum amount of token1 to spend
/// @param useFeesAsLiquidity Whether to use accumulated fees
function increaseLiquidity(
    uint256 tokenId,
    uint128 liquidityIncrease,
    uint256 amount0Max,
    uint256 amount1Max,
    bool useFeesAsLiquidity
) external {
```

Choose the appropriate delta resolution based on whether we’re using fees:

```solidity

> // Define the sequence of operations:

Reviewer: identation

Author: fixed

    // If using fees: Handle potential fee conversion
    // If not: Standard liquidity addition
    bytes memory actions;
    if (useFeesAsLiquidity) {
        actions = abi.encodePacked(
            Actions.INCREASE_LIQUIDITY,  // Add liquidity
            Actions.CLOSE_CURRENCY,      // Handle token0 (might need to pay or receive)
            Actions.CLOSE_CURRENCY       // Handle token1 (might need to pay or receive)
        );
    } else {
        actions = abi.encodePacked(
            Actions.INCREASE_LIQUIDITY,  // Add liquidity
            Actions.SETTLE_PAIR          // Provide tokens
        );
    }
```

Prepare parameters based on our chosen strategy:

```solidity

> // Number of parameters depends on our strategy

Reviewer: indentation

Author: Fixed

    bytes[] memory params = new bytes[](
        useFeesAsLiquidity ? 3 : 2
    );

    // Parameters for INCREASE_LIQUIDITY
    params[0] = abi.encode(
        tokenId,           // Position to increase
        liquidityIncrease, // Amount to add
        amount0Max,        // Maximum token0 to spend
        amount1Max,        // Maximum token1 to spend
        ""                // No hook data needed
    );
```

Set up delta resolution parameters:

```solidity
if (useFeesAsLiquidity) {
        // Using CLOSE_CURRENCY for automatic handling of each token
        params[1] = abi.encode(currency0);  // Handle token0
        params[2] = abi.encode(currency1);  // Handle token1
    } else {
        // Standard SETTLE_PAIR for providing tokens
        params[1] = abi.encode(currency0, currency1);

>     }

Reviewer: indentation

Author: Fixed

```

Execute the operation:

```solidity
// Execute the increase
    positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
        abi.encode(actions, params),
        block.timestamp + 60  // 60 second deadline
    );
}
```

## Decreasing Liquidity

When you want to remove liquidity from a position, you’ll need to handle both the liquidity reduction and any accumulated fees. Let’s understand how to implement this effectively.

### **Understanding the Operation**

Decreasing liquidity involves:

1. Specifying how much liquidity to remove
2. Setting minimum amounts to receive (slippage protection)
3. Collecting both the removed liquidity and any accumulated fees

### **Delta Resolution Options**

When decreasing liquidity, you’ll receive tokens, so we have different options for handling the positive deltas:

1. **Standard Case**: Receive all tokens

```solidity
bytes memory actions = abi.encodePacked(
    Actions.DECREASE_LIQUIDITY,
    Actions.TAKE_PAIR
);
```

**2. Dust Handling**: Ignore small amounts

```solidity
bytes memory actions = abi.encodePacked(
    Actions.DECREASE_LIQUIDITY,
    Actions.CLEAR_OR_TAKE,  // For token0
    Actions.CLEAR_OR_TAKE   // For token1
);

> ```

Reviewer: when decreasing liquidity, very rarely would you actually want to forfeit the dust...

i think we remove this case?

Author: You're right, removed.

```solidity
/// @notice Removes liquidity from a position
/// @param tokenId The ID of the position
/// @param liquidityDecrease Amount of liquidity to remove
/// @param amount0Min Minimum amount of token0 to receive
/// @param amount1Min Minimum amount of token1 to receive
/// @param ignoreDust Whether to ignore small amounts
/// @param recipient Address to receive the tokens
function decreaseLiquidity(
    uint256 tokenId,
    uint128 liquidityDecrease,
    uint256 amount0Min,
    uint256 amount1Min,
    bool ignoreDust,
    address recipient
) external {

```

Choose the appropriate delta resolution based on dust handling preference:

```solidity
// Define the sequence of operations:
// If ignoring dust: Use CLEAR_OR_TAKE for each token
// If not: Use TAKE_PAIR to receive all tokens
bytes memory actions;
if (ignoreDust) {
    actions = abi.encodePacked(
        Actions.DECREASE_LIQUIDITY, // Remove liquidity
        Actions.CLEAR_OR_TAKE,      // Handle token0 with dust threshold
        Actions.CLEAR_OR_TAKE       // Handle token1 with dust threshold

>     );

Reviewer: yeah would probably remove this

forfeiting dust might happen when increasing liquidity and autocompounding fees

Author: removed

        Actions.TAKE_PAIR          // Receive both tokens
    );
}
```

Prepare the parameters array:

```solidity
// Number of parameters depends on our strategy
bytes[] memory params = new bytes[](
    ignoreDust ? 3 : 2
);

// Parameters for DECREASE_LIQUIDITY
params[0] = abi.encode(
    tokenId,           // Position to decrease
    liquidityDecrease, // Amount to remove
    amount0Min,        // Minimum token0 to receive
    amount1Min,        // Minimum token1 to receive
    ""                // No hook data needed
);
```

Set up delta resolution parameters:

```solidity
if (ignoreDust) {
    // Using CLEAR_OR_TAKE with dust thresholds
    uint256 dustThreshold = 1000; // Example threshold
    params[1] = abi.encode(currency0, dustThreshold);
    params[2] = abi.encode(currency1, dustThreshold);
} else {
    // Standard TAKE_PAIR for receiving tokens
    params[1] = abi.encode(
        currency0,
        currency1,
        recipient
    );
}
```

Execute the operation:

```solidity
// Execute the decrease
    positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
        abi.encode(actions, params),
        block.timestamp + 60  // 60 second deadline
    );
}
```

## Collecting Fees

> In v4’s Position Manager, there isn’t a dedicated COLLECT command. Instead, fees are collected by using DECREASE_LIQUIDITY with zero liquidity. This pattern leverages the fact that fees are automatically credited during liquidity operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v4’s Position Manager, there isn’t a dedicated COLLECT command. Instead, **fees are collected by using DECREASE_LIQUIDITY with zero liquidity**. This pattern leverages the fact that fees are automatically credited during liquidity operations.
```

    uint256 tokenId,
    address recipient
) external {

```

Set up our operation sequence based on dust handling preference:

```solidity
// Define sequence of operations:
// 1. DECREASE_LIQUIDITY with zero amount to collect fees
// 2. Either TAKE_PAIR or CLEAR_OR_TAKE for receiving tokens
bytes memory actions;
if (ignoreDust) {
    actions = abi.encodePacked(
        Actions.DECREASE_LIQUIDITY,  // Zero liquidity decrease
        Actions.CLEAR_OR_TAKE,       // Handle token0 fees
        Actions.CLEAR_OR_TAKE        // Handle token1 fees
    );
} else {
    actions = abi.encodePacked(
        Actions.DECREASE_LIQUIDITY,  // Zero liquidity decrease
        Actions.TAKE_PAIR           // Take all fees
    );
}
```

Prepare the parameters array:

```solidity
// Set up parameters array
bytes[] memory params = new bytes[](
    ignoreDust ? 3 : 2
);

// Parameters for DECREASE_LIQUIDITY
// All zeros since we're only collecting fees
params[0] = abi.encode(
    tokenId,  // Position to collect from
    0,        // No liquidity change
    0,        // No minimum for token0 (fees can't be manipulated)
    0,        // No minimum for token1
    ""       // No hook data needed
);

> ```

Reviewer: lets update and remove the dust logic -- when youre collecting fees you probably dont want to forfeit dust

Author: all dust logic removed. Please make sure I didn't mistakenly remove any important logic.

Next, let’s prepare our parameters array:

```solidity
// We need one parameter set for each action
bytes[] memory params = new bytes[](3);
```

Now, let’s encode parameters for the old position:

```solidity
// Parameters for BURN_POSITION
params[0] = abi.encode(
    oldPositionId,
    0,  // No minimum for token0 (consider adding slippage protection)
    0,  // No minimum for token1
    ""  // No hook data
);
```

Then for minting the new position:

```solidity
// Parameters for MINT_POSITION
params[1] = abi.encode(
    newPositionParams.poolKey,
    newPositionParams.tickLower,
    newPositionParams.tickUpper,
    newPositionParams.liquidity,
    newPositionParams.amount0Max,
    newPositionParams.amount1Max,
    address(this),  // New position owner
    ""             // No hook data
);
```

Next, we handle token settlements. First for the new position:

```solidity
// Parameters for SETTLE_PAIR (providing tokens for new position)
params[2] = abi.encode(
  newPositionParams.poolKey.currency0,
  newPositionParams.poolKey.currency1
);
```

With everything prepared, we can execute our batch operation:

```solidity

> // Execute all operations atomically

Reviewer: indentation

Author: fixed

    positionManager.modifyLiquidities(
        abi.encode(actions, params),
        block.timestamp + 60
    );

> }

Reviewer: extraneous character?

Author: removed for clarity

// Example scenario: Converting fees to liquidity
bytes memory actions = abi.encodePacked(
    Actions.INCREASE_LIQUIDITY,
    Actions.CLOSE_CURRENCY  // Will automatically settle or take based on final delta
);

bytes[] memory params = new bytes[](2);

// Parameters for INCREASE_LIQUIDITY
params[0] = abi.encode(
    tokenId,
    liquidityIncrease,
    amount0Max,
    amount1Max,
    ""
);

// CLOSE_CURRENCY only needs the currency
params[1] = abi.encode(currency0);
```

This is particularly useful when:

- Converting fees to liquidity (fees might fully cover the increase)
- Complex operations where final deltas are uncertain
- Reducing code complexity by letting the protocol handle the direction

## **CLEAR_OR_TAKE: Optimizing for Dust**

Sometimes receiving small token amounts costs more in gas than they’re worth. CLEAR_OR_TAKE lets you specify a threshold:

```solidity
// Parameters for CLEAR_OR_TAKE
params[0] = abi.encode(
    currency,     // The token to handle
    threshold     // Minimum amount worth taking
);
```

If the amount to receive is:

- Above threshold: Tokens are taken (like TAKE_PAIR)
- Below threshold: Amount is forfeited, saving gas

This is valuable for:

> - Fee collection with minimum amounts

Reviewer: lets remove this, doesnt seem right to me that you would just "collect fees" to forfeit immediately?

Author: removed

- Operations where dust amounts can be ignored
- Gas optimization in production systems

## **SWEEP: Handling Excess Payments**

SWEEP helps recover any excess tokens sent to the PoolManager:

```solidity
bytes memory actions = abi.encodePacked(
    Actions.YOUR_MAIN_OPERATION,
    Actions.SWEEP  // Add at the end to collect any excess
);

// Parameters for SWEEP
params[1] = abi.encode(
    currency,   // Token to sweep
    recipient   // Where to send excess tokens
);
```

Use SWEEP when:

> - Dealing with native ETH operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Dealing with native ETH operations**
```

- Conservative token approvals might result in excess
- Need to ensure all tokens are properly accounted for

## **Understanding modifyLiquiditiesWithoutUnlock**

This function follows the same encoding and command patterns as `modifyLiquidity`, but serves a specific purpose: it's used when the PoolManager is already unlocked. This is particularly useful in certain scenarios:

- When called from hooks that are already executing within the PoolManager's lock/unlock cycle
- For operations like automatic fee compounding, where a hook might want to reinvest fees for users

> For example, a hook that automatically compounds fees for users would use this function because the hook is already executing within the PoolManager's unlock context, there's no need for another unlock cycle and it's more efficient than calling the standard `modifyLiquidity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a hook that automatically compounds fees for users would use `modifyLiquiditiesWithoutUnlock` because the hook is already executing within the PoolManager's unlock context, and cannot re-unlock the PoolManager
```
